alright hello everybody welcome back for
more let's plays chef in the last
episode we completely fucked up this
mission in the ass and this episode can
try it again this time trying to shoot
the ship as many times responsibly can
hopefully this time we'll be able to do
it and shooting shadow and shooting so
let's grab a weapon ASAP by killing this
guy stop moving okay good extra ammo for
this is needed so let's chase the ship
and shoot the shit out of it actually
give me that your weapon is better swipe
finish what you started so yeah we like
to keep shooting up the ship that's the
only way to do it shoot at the ship like
50 billion times and then appear and
then it breaks it is really lame yeah
yeah you have to shit this year like 50
trillion times otherwise you fail the
mission it's really gay
whoo I never knew that I mean I just saw
it but I never knew that's what I did
where every day every day every day
screw the gay I have killings I have
finds out that is right
I never knew that actually I gotta kill
you because I need your weapon I need
keep new level of that right let's keep
chasing off this ship and keep blowing
it up
if this doesn't work this time I'm going
to off-screen it because I'm getting
kind of pissed
seriously I don't want to have to do
this okay shooting the shit man this
dude uh what know what the top of the
bar how the bulova okay then let's fail
for no particular reason I swear if it
wished shuts the shield I'm gonna eat
somebody this is a pistol damn it is the
pistol okay whatever
alright
Tommy washed but I
still catch up let's go
owl son of a bitch mr. jump all right
come on actually give me your weapons
your weapons are better gimme get me all
up on all right keep going come on gasps
I never knew that's what you had to do
it was so difficult he's have to get
coughing a lot where is that ship
where's my ship that will sail on the
muck there it is all right let the shit
out of it Smith Smith Jimmy minion in
him all right come on let's keep it a
cadet think we're doing a decent amount
of damage on at this time
oh come on
all right this is doing good doing good
I think
spare me
no wait i need weapon gimme a thank you
are you sure this is what you have to do
huh
if you do enough damage to it okay I'm
doing all right ouch it's on the bitch
you got away because you fat ass has got
in the way oh okay die die die die die
die I give me your weapon all right
let's keep going there disappear did it
disappear no it's not okay it's stopping
her here
right all right come on let's keep
shooting these guys up all right and
it's gonna
well what the hell not change a little
soon that's weird whatever just keep
chasing after the ship there it is okay
okay glad it is doing ok that's what you
do have to do so just keep the strong
shit out of it now it's green and it's
like plasma oh I get it it's like the
the sonic shoe so it's green means after
a break it I should have known from
destroying it give me a weapon you jerk
off cape stop that God
a little bit more and we should have
been destroyed
hey the tape just
we've gotta catch up well let's hope we
can your slowest cueing everything yummy
yule weapon give me your weapon run
catch up to the ship quickly quickly
quickly no no
click click on trip to the ship
no yeah i guess it's right there dumb
shit
I called your
wait is it open I think it is
yes it is
Oh
Chuck
fucking help give me your weapon you
jerk stop moaning
yeah we just fried it okay that was
weird didn't look like it blew up I
won't allow them to do when they want to
anymore which means they cannot have sex
with me grr grr grr grr that was a bit
difficult it better play what do you got
to say to the shadow perfect like my ass
seriously though chicken fajita please
make me a t-shirt please I know you
wanna I know you wanna all right so
remember watches cutting to fill up the
video time just for the fuck of it what
do we got hand over that Chaos Emerald
or else Oh else Oh each you think you
have against me rug rug rug rug look I
don't take orders especially from you
but I'm not here to fight you either I
met here to thank you I'm only here to
touch you inappropriately answers so why
don't you just back off becareful
motherfucker you're just one clueless
fucking whore blackball it oh my god
that thing is disgusting seriously this
is what you got a giant flying grandma
pick me thinking sonic are you 10 *
retarded what the fuck is that that's
not a pole it's a freaking ground ball
on crack okay then whatever so next time
on let's play shadow the hedgehog
greater be bowing this thing whatever it
is so until then see you later and get
by